maybe people think i can really defend
smaller positions are like glass out
quicker than me hi did struggle with its
home like someone during the season but
uh work on I really a lot and I thought
I was working out with klay Thompson
this whole process and he will help me
because I had like Guardian my stuff
like that and so I think now I got
better that I can move my feet quicker
and know that and like switch on small
gas thing I got better that I think that
uh people don't really know how like I
can chew I think I can shoot pretty well
by NBA range is not at a point where I
wanted to be but it got better so I feel
that I'm a pretty good shooter for my
size do you feel like you can play both
the power forward and center position at
the next level yeah I do I think I can
do that I think I I don't look like
really big and all that but I think I'm
pretty strong and I can go against I
mean obviously a lot of big guys a big
bodies in NBA but I think they would a
lot of work and good effort it i
can go against both 4 & 5 s and I can
defend both positions do you feel like
USC do you think you got to show
everything that you can do there this
past year or were there any type of
frustrations over maybe not getting the
ball enough things like that well I mean
I sometimes I didn't get the book is it
the teens that were playing again we
just try to take me out of the game and
I'll let me catch the ball so my team is
really looking for me a lot of plays
remain for me so it was hard sometimes
because they would just double team a
triple T me so I couldn't really get the
ball a lot but I think I didn't show
everything I can but there's a lot of
room for me to improve yet but I think
that I've showed a lot at USC show
people I could play inside and outside
and do different stuff i'm a pretty
versatile player so i think i've done a
lot of us see who would you say that you
do try to pattern your game after knee
pros anything like that oh well yeah I
mean I try to look up a lot to Dirk
Nowitzki and Pau Gasol I mean I did like
I feel like i can play it really similar
to wow not really like Derek as Dirk is
like he's like I feel like he's
something else but powers like you gotta
in a post i looked up to a lot because
he has great moves you can use both
hands and it's pretty impressive and he
can real pretty well for his side so
somebody I look up to
when I like watching via games last year
there was a player Greivis Vasquez who
had the ability at an international
passport he could have played overseas
if he wanted to is that something that
you think about it all or you solely
focused and don't wanna play anywhere
else other than the NBA next year what
my goals are playing the NBA so I'm
gonna do everything I can to get there I
believe I'm good enough to play hello